Johannesburg the nation's economic hub
depends upon the efficient movement of
goods and people to provide employments
and to deliver services
unfortunately severe traffic congestion
has slowed travel to a call has filled
the air with pollution and noise has
stifled economic development and has
only heightened divisions between the
wealthy and the poor building more roads
seem only to lead to more cars and more
inequity so what's the solution one part
of the solution is high-quality public
transport and bus rapid transit or BRT
is that the most cost effective means to
deliver car competitive transit service
in cities such as Brisbane Beijing Seoul
Ottawa Los Angeles Mexico City Bogota
and Curitiba BRT is helped to transform
cities and the lives of millions the
rare via BRT project will allow
Johannesburg to build and implement a
world-class public transport network
within a few years and at a fraction of
the cost of other alternatives with the
ray of AI of operational plan now
finalized a total of 102 kilometers of
the RT infrastructure and 150 stations
will be constructed by 2013 with 86
kilometres and 102 stations developed in
to meet the requirements of the 2010
World Cup the project's first phase will
also encompass 148 kilometers of retail
options in addition to feeder services
over the next decade the raya via
network will extend to almost all parts
of the greater to a Hannes Berg
metropolitan area feeder services will
directly connect the system to distant
communities by accessing the system
residents will be able to better access
jobs and public services high-quality
illumination security cameras and
security personnel in each station and
surrounding areas will give customers a
high degree of confidence in the system
an inner city distribution system will
be directly integrated within the red
wire system this distribution system
will help patrons arriving at park
station to easily and economically
access work sites as well as served
lunch time Aaron the inner city
distribution system will consist of two
books including a northern loop serving
Brown canteen and a CBD and a Western
group serving Newtown and CBD by
building upon current development
successes such as Main Street the
distribution system holds potential for
catalyzing regeneration efforts
you